Update Paint Timing pages (#22771)
mdn/content: files/en-us/glossary/first_paint/index.md

  - Web Performance
---

> **First Paint**, is the time between navigation and when the browser renders the first pixels to the screen, rendering anything that is visually different from the default [background color](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/background-color) of the [body](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Document/body). It answers the question "Is it happening?"

Reviewer: I think "Is it happening" comes from [this web.dev page](https://web.dev/user-centric-performance-metrics/#defining-metrics). It only makes sense in the context of the other questions, so I would reword this to something like the following:

```suggestion
**First Paint** is the time between navigation and when the browser first renders pixels to the screen, rendering anything that is visually different from the default [background color](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/background-color) of the [body](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Document/body). It is the first key moment in page load times and will answer the question "Has the server started to render the page?"
```

Maybe it can be improved further based on [the terminology](https://www.w3.org/TR/paint-timing/#sec-terminology).
